[DOC] Storage Considerations - New and modified content for ENTMQST-555 (#1445)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/con-considerations-for-data-storage.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-overview.adoc

[id='considerations-for-data-storage-{context}']

= Data storage considerations

An efficient data storage infrastructure is essential to the optimal performance of {ProductName}.

> {ProductName} requires block storage and works well with cloud-based block storage solutions, including Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS). The use of file storage is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ProductName} requires block storage and is designed to work optimally with cloud-based block storage solutions, including Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS). The use of file storage is not recommended.
```

> {ProductName} requires block storage and works well with cloud-based block storage solutions, including Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS). The use of file storage is not recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{ProductName} requires block storage and works well with cloud-based block storage solutions, such as Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS). The use of file storage is not recommended.
```

I'm not a native speaker. But _including Amazon EBS_ sounds to me as if that is not one of the cloud based storage solutions.

Author: Changed
